Proposal of extensions for Android IMF

1. Requirement
1-1. Architecture
 Default IME instance for each applications
 IME instance binding hte context in the application
 One more IME instances running on Android OS simultaneously
 IME instance management base on memory amount and status

1-2. New concept
  Introduction of new IME concept, classification and taxonomy
  IME capability
  Mandatory indicator for IME

1-3. New functionalities
  IME switching API
  Query & set API for IME capability
  Character subsetting API

1-4. Extensibility
  Multi-layer model that enables to support multi-language by adding the IMLogic.

2. Implementations
2-1. The way system selects the IME(default IME)
 If the application does not specify the IME, system will provide the default IME which depends on the OS's language property.

2-2. Trusted IME
 IME takes users' keyinputs and can behavior as a malware. Therefore, Android OS must have the framework which can restrict the IME behaviors based on the trust between users and IME.

When they install IME on Andoid market, they will make their decision whether they trust it by the application information, the developer's name and the company name.
Smetimes, however, they might try an unknown IME, that means untrusted IME, or they might not install it.

Users can select an untrusted IME using the inputmethod dialog.
If application select it, they can make their decision to use it by the alert dialog that shows application is about to use an untrusted IME.

2-3. The way applications specify the IME
 Application can specify the IME using the editText property, e.g. language,   or IME switching API that Android OS provides. Setting the property is a static way and using API is a dynamic way for selecting IME.

2-4. Mandantory indicator for IME
 What IME as well as applications have their mandantory indicator is valid for contrusting the relationship with users. IME and applications can access users' personal information, contacts, credit card number and so on. Therefore, users can have their relief by visualizing what IME and applications are doing.
